

# Accommodations Policy

If you are (or become) disabled (in any capacity, permanently, or temporarily), and need accommodations in class, reading, or any other work in this course, please contact me to discuss your specific needs as soon as possible. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act, you are legally entitled to reasonable accommodations for disabilities. I will do everything in my capacity as your professor to ensure that you receive those accommodations. 

Students who need reasonable accommodations for disabilities also should contact the Learning Assistance Center \& Disability Services  (118 Reynolda Hall, 336-758-5929,  [lac.wfu.edu](https://lac.wfu.edu/)). These accommodations are not retroactive.  Therefore, I strongly encourage you to use those accommodations. 

Do not feel guilty about using them. You rightfully deserve them, in the legal, moral, and ethical sense. These accommodations are there so that you can be your best possible self. 


## Self-Advocacy

At Wake Forest and at many other places, the expectation is that you will self-advocate for yourselves and know exactly what you need. Is that a good expectation? Is that a good model? I have thoughts... regardless, that is the current state of the world. Accordingly, you will have to advocate for what you need. 

As a student, you may not know what accommodations work best for you. Or you may find that your current accommodations don't work like they used to. 

As you journey thru your career, you may find that you need different kinds of accommodations. Or at least that has been my experience... There are numerous resources for ideas. My personal favorite is [JAN](https://askjan.org/). Technically, JAN (Job Accommodation Network) is focused on employment and jobs. However, I still have found this to be a wonderful resource for ideas. You can [search for accommodation ideas](https://askjan.org/soar.cfm) by [specific](https://askjan.org/a-to-z.cfm):

  - disability,
  - limitation,
  - task,
  - topic, or
  - accommodation.

## Resources

* [Frequently Asked Questions from WFU LAC](https://lac.wfu.edu/frequently-asked-questions-about-lac-ds/)
* [JAN](https://askjan.org/)


# Classroom Climate

I aim to create a learning environment for my students that supports a diversity of thoughts, perspectives, and experiences, and honors your identities (including but not limited to race, ethnicity, sex, gender, gender-identity, class, sexual orientation, religion, ability, political affiliation) To help accomplish this:

- If you have a name and/or set of pronouns that differ from those that appear in your official records, please let me know!

- If you feel like your performance in the class is being impacted by your experiences outside of class, please don't hesitate to come and talk with me. I want to be a resource for you. 

- I (like many people) am still in the process of learning about diverse perspectives and identities. If something was said in class (by anyone) that made you feel uncomfortable, please talk to me about it. 

- If you reached here in the syllabus, e-mail me a picture of a cat. If you do it before the end of the first week, you get a small bonus.

## Psychology Department Statement on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion

The Psychology Department values, respects, and celebrates the experiences, beliefs, and practices stemming from varied cultures and circumstances (emphasizing, but not limited to, those from historically underrepresented groups),and our deep commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion plays out through coursework, programming by majors, and research. 

